That we're done with setting up a title you can actually go ahead and finish your here with the skills
section.
So what I'm going to do we're here again we're going to homework and this is going to be in the title
right.
So this is going to be the end of title.
And now we're going to create a comment here I'm going to say this is going to be a div with a class
of skills Center press table here and when then there's going to have a article here.
Not meaning for class this is going to be skill or here don't open it up.
And then we're going to have a font or some sort here I'm just going to say this is going to be a this
is going to be f a apple press time or you know like this and we're going to have a heading three and
heading three isn't going to be or you know like this and I was going to say this is going to be Apple
press time.
Now this is going to be the next one and they're all going to have a paragraph or here we're going to
see a paragraph over here let's say we're going to have like let's say 10 words.
Right so we're on 10 or you're right.
So we can have a paragraph.
And this is going to be the text.
Now what would you want to do is actually just copy and paste this.
Right.
So we have an article right.
So I'm going to be selecting the lines here and all this is going to have three more.
One two three.
No one here would just need to make obviously few changes with the first one is going to be ample.
Second it going to be let's say Google.
And so what we're saying is that we can work with an apple and with Google and we also can do Android
Android on Agnes.
And the last one is going to be here.
So basically we're good with any tool whatsoever.
So I'm going to say gear on here and this.
Now we have a clear knowledge changer here.
This is going to be tools here than the next one is going to be Android Android here.
And then this is going to be Google and this is going to be it for the AGM now.
So what would you want to do is we would want to actually save this and let's go and actually deal with
the main CSSA.
So we're here for the skill.
All right.
First of all who would want to do is again create a new one right now.
Coming over here.
I'm going to say skills.
And another one again are going to create some hashtags.
And again we're going to make a lot of room here right.
But over here we're first thing that I would want to do just for new skills here are we want to push
it up a bit in the title.
So I'm going to say we're here hashtags kills here.
I don't know where I'm going to say margin and margin up.
This is going to be negative 40 pixels.
Right so here you can see that I basically lifted a text up or like this and this is what I want to
do just for this title.
And then after that what I would want to say is for that div That's a parent element for a lot them
right for the skill center.
I don't want to say it like this right.
I'm going to say skills center like this and then I have a max with all this I'm going to say Max with
90 you with us or here like this right.
So I can see what's happening right around 90.
But everything shifts there's a lot.
Then we're going to margin 0 0 0 on handling this zero.
And then we have a padding all around so 20 pixels and zero.
So what I'm saying top bottom 20 pixels and zero on the sides.
Right.
Because we are already using a 90 you with or here or here.
So let's place a somewhere call and order here.
The next thing that I would want to do is deal with the actual individual skill.
So I'm going to say we're here again.
Let's create a lot of room and we're going to have a dot and that is going to be for the skill.
So skill not here we're going to say margin 40 pixels right so you can see that now is going on around
zero.
So what I want is actually in between them 40 pixels and this is going to work for all the screens right
starting from the smallest one right.
But as the screen is going to get bigger it's still going to be staying with 40 pixels.
Now after that we would deal with the actual front awesome icons.
So this is going to be skill more here.
Font.
Awesome.
I really like this.
And then we're going to have a font size 16 pixels here right.
I know WAY bigger color and the color is going to be hash tag 0 0 0 a.
And then we'll have 7 E and one on here.
Right.
The blue color all the way.
That was actually all right and the blue color all from here.
Then after that all we would want is actually have a background.
Right.
So I'm going to say a background and the background is going to be hash that f f o.
See 9 1 4 and 2 and basically we're adding red as yellow color and then what we would want is actually
a padded room because this is if we had a française we also need the padding.
60 pixels.
All right.
So you can think of this is this is going to be kind of like our canvas.
Again we're going to be clipping out the shapes on this right.
So let's go over here and we're going to say let's say this is going to be skills for and then we'll
have a transition and it's all going to we're going to have a transition and transition again is going
to be for that color for the background.
Let's say two seconds.
Ease and background.
Background here say two seconds two seconds is more like this.
And once we have them we're going to go back or here skill we're going to say Fronto awesome.
I'm going to say however we're like this.
And then we're going to flip them around so I'm going to say background.
It's going to be hash tag to me too.
Hate to here like this.
And then we're going to have a caller and the caller is going to be here.
And so hashtag ever see 9 1 for all here.
So we're here.
I can see what happens right.
We get a black background right here.
The color is also changing.
Obviously not done yet.
Right.
We still need to work here with a Adding three and a paragraph.
So what we're going to do we're here and we're going to create a lot more space like this and then we're
going to start or we're all going to say this is going to be skill and I'm going to say we're here this
is going to be heading 3 so we'll have a hearing three and I will say text transform and we're going
to say Asperger's.
So now this setting frees up uppercase and we have a margin 20 pixels right and zero.
All right so again we're just going to create the margin here and then we're going to have for a paragraph.
So here we're going to say skill paragraph and let's start with line height 1.5 right over here and
we're just going to create some letters and then I would want to do is actually have the width and you
can see I don't like that it's padding like this.
So I'm going to say we're here I'm going to have a semi colon.
It's going to be with oh here we're going to say 70 percent on here like this.
All right.
So now we're here you can see that we have a normal with right not spanning all across.
And then after that we would want a cover that color Steg be on 5.
See this.
And then we have to be 7 to be seven.
All right so this is pretty much going to be great text.
Now I would would want to do is you'd want actually to have a clip path for all of them.
All right.
So let's go one by one and let's actually at it so first is going to be Apple and someone to say apple.
So this is Fonte awesome Apple like this and you can see that it's selecting.
And let me do a clip.
I have one here and I'm going to do polygon here like this.
All right.
Well I don't know.
Here we need to have three dots right so we read first one second and third one.
So the word is this one with the Y.
All right you can see the Y is zero here and 100 here right where is X.
X is zero here.
Hundred here right.
And basically we start working with these dots.
So first what I'm saying is you know what I'm going to start from here which is going to be 0 x and
100 percent y.
So we're at zero hundred percent.
This next one is going to be over here in the middle.
So this is going to be 50 percent and y is going to be zero.
And because it's going to be all the way on the top some would say 50 percent and zero or place in doubt.
And I said that over here and the next one is going to be here so it's going to be hundred.
And we're also hundred and so existe hundred and the that.
So I'm going to say hundred and hundred like this negative.
Now I have a nice try.
All right now we're done with an apple and we actually will going to add two more.
And then the third one start when you are actually going and getting online because I don't want to
make like a whole hour of actually making a star.
Now we can do it but this is just going to be faster.
All right so we're here we're going to change.
First of all for these guys right.
So I would say this is going to be Google or here let's say that this is going to be Android and maybe
copy this one because the only thing we're missing is that rule.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be here.
So I'm going to say here or here.
All right.
All of them all right and I'll try.
But that's not what we want.
So let's go ahead and are going to this.
We're here we're going to delete this and we're here we're going to delete the whole thing because we're
going to copy and paste one on here so we're here for the Google what we would want.
All right so let's check it out right all here.
Zero zero hundred zero hundred hundred.
We're here.
So it's pretty much kind of the same as this.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say 0 0 then we're going to have a hundred here
and zero on here like this then we're going to have a hundred and hundred right over here like this.
You can see what we have right.
This is the first not second not third or here.
Right now we just need to figure out or here and we can really do whatever we want right.
So I'm going to go 0 60 or like this right.
So now I can see that this is going to be this way.
All right then the next one is going to be Android.
Right and what is the shape over here and shape is going to be this one.
So this is going to be an android.
So I'm going to go back over here.
And for Android we're going to start in the middle over here.
So I'm going to say zero for X.
But already 50 percent for Y then we're going to have a 50 percent and zero.
So 50 percent and zero and after that we're going to have a 100 percent here 50 percent right.
Now again you can see that we have three dots.
Now we just need this guy here.
So we're going to say we're 50 percent here and 100 percent.
That's it.
No no we're here with the ship.
So now let's go and get actually the star.
All right so this is going to be 900.
We need to start over here.
Right.
And we're going to we're going to go to good old friend Google mistake clip path we're going to set
generator.
Yes.
And then there is more here a clip path maker right on this.
And what we would need to do or here we can just go ahead and choose goshi.
Again you can pick whatever you would really like.
Right.
You can see that this was the triangle that regret over here.
But we're going to go back over here.
We're going to get a star.
And you see this is the actual browser prefixes right.
And then there are prefixes that I was talking about right.
So here this is going to be Webcke right.
And I was like I said I didn't want to write them all right because this is not going to make too much
sense if we are really learning something right.
So Ruben wanted to hear what is going to come up in this one.
We're here bring in Mike or here to the gear and just applied on here Mike and see now I have my start.
This is how easy it is right now that we're not in the skill section.
We are ready to move on to our next section.